t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_high
t_low c_med e_high
t_low c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_low e_med
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_high
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_high e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_high e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_low e_low
t_med c_high e_med
t_low c_high e_low
t_high c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_high
t_high c_med e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_high
t_med c_low e_high
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_high
t_med c_high e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_low
t_high c_high e_med
t_high c_med e_high
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_high e_veryhigh
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_high c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_med c_med e_med
t_high c_high e_high
t_med c_med e_low
t_med c_low e_med
t_high c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_low e_med
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_low c_med e_low
t_med c_med e_veryhigh
t_high c_low e_high
t_med c_med e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_med c_low e_veryhigh
t_med c_med e_med
t_low c_high e_med
t_med c_med e_low
t_low c_low e_high
t_high c_high e_low
t_low c_high e_low
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_med e_med
t_low c_low e_med
t_med c_high e_low
t_high c_med e_high
t_low c_low e_low
t_high c_med e_med
